#

Fun Facts about Noodles
How well do you know your noodles?

1. The first noodle was made thousands of years ago in China
The first noodle dates back all the way to 2000 B.C. in China. It was made from millet, a type of cereal grain.

2. Noodles were once considered a luxury item
Before it became a budget-friendly take-out option, noodles were sold as a luxury item.

3. Japan invented instant ramen noodles
The first instant ramen noodle was created in Japan.

4. Noodles are one of the cheapest meals to eat
Did you know it would only cost you $140 per year if you ate ramen for every meal every day?

5. Slurping your noodles is a thing
Slurping anything is considered poor etiquette in Western culture, but slurping your noodles in Asian culture is considered an appreciation for your meal.

6. Noodles are considered good for health
Noodles are an excellent source of energy and are high in vitamins and minerals like iron, thiamin, niacin, and riboflavin as well as containing low sodium content and low-fat content.

7. Pho is pronounced ‘fuh’ not ‘foh’
Pho was influenced by French colonies, and the name was derived from the French dish “pot-au-feu.”

8. There is a museum in Japan dedicated to Cup Noodles
The Yokohama Cup Noodles Museum, located in Yokohama, Japan, is an interactive museum dedicated to the world’s first instant ramen telling its origin story from humble beginnings to the mark of a global dietary movement.

9. Noodles have been to space
Japanese astronaut Soichi Noguchi took instant noodles when he went to space in 2005. Nissin Food came up with zero-gravity instant noodles shaped like balls that space travelers could easily consume.

10. Noodle laws
By federal law, a noodle must contain 5.5 percent egg solids to be called a noodle.

11. ---Did you know that Samsung used to sell noodles before it sold electronics?
It wasn’t until 1970 that Samsung started selling electronics.
Samsung, which was founded in 1938, by Lee Byung-Chul, was initially 
conceptualised as a store for trading goods like flour, vegetables and dried fish.
Samsung also created their own noodles for export. 
